docs: add one-liners to features (#71)
image-js/image-js-docs: docs/Features/Geometry/Transform.md

import TransformDemo from './transform.demo.tsx'

> _Applies geometric modifications to an image, such as scaling, rotation, skewing, or warping, altering its shape or orientation._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Applies linear transformations to an image, such as scaling, rotation, skewing, or warping, altering its shape or orientation._
```
